self/about.md, before:

# About 🌻

Hi there! I am Shantanu Mishra a.k.a. 8hantanu on the web.

I am a software engineer based in Hyderabad, India. I have a background in Mathematics, Electronics and Finance. As a side hustle, I have been trying to make new things at [yree](https://yree.io/).

My background and core competence are in systems software engineering working with C, C++, and Python. I am currently learning Rust.

Emerging technologies and research in high performance computing, artificial intelligence, and robotics fascinate me. I am open to any new ideas and requests for collaboration in any of the mentioned fields.

I like graphic design and create logos, illustrations, and UIs. My go to web stack is the [mash](https://yree.io/mash) stack. Also, I love spending time on perfecting little details.

## Far from desk

Even though most of my professional and spare time is spent in front of a screen,  I am a keen reader and always in need of good [book recommendations](experiences/books). Genres like horror, psychology, and sci-fi are my favorites.

I sketch whenever I find a good scape or subject. My scribbles can be found [here](https://8hantanu.net/over/art). 

I often find myself dusting off music instruments whenever I pick them to play. I surge cycle between playing the ukulele and piano (mediocre at best).

I love running. Running is one thing I definitely cannot get rid of from my daily routine. A clear path through a woods during dawn or dusk is ideal for me. Tennis and badminton are my goto outdoor sports.

`#draft`

Commit message:

Update bio, add new travel destinations, and organize lifestyle items

self/about.md, after:

# About 🌻

Hi there! I am Shantanu Mishra a.k.a. 8hantanu on the web.

I am a software engineer from India, recently moved to Cambridge, UK. I have a background in Mathematics, Electronics and Finance. As a side hustle, I have been trying to make new things at [yree](https://yree.io/).

My background and core competence are in AI inference systems and simulation. Now, I am making a switch towards ML compilers.

Emerging technologies and research in high performance computing, artificial intelligence, and robotics fascinate me. I am open to any new ideas and requests for collaboration in any of the mentioned fields.

I like graphic design and create logos, illustrations, and UIs. My go to web stack is the [mash](https://yree.io/mash) stack. Also, I love spending time on perfecting little details.

Even though most of my professional and spare time is spent in front of a screen, but whenever I can find a reason to I love to [travel]((experiences/travel) and experience new things.

I [sketch](https://8hantanu.net/over/art) whenever I find a good scape or subject. If too busy I snap it and then maybe recreate it later.

I am a keen reader and always in need of good [book recommendations](experiences/books). Genres like thriller, psychology, and sci-fi are my favorites.

I often find myself dusting off music instruments whenever I pick them to play. I surge cycle between playing the ukulele and piano (mediocre at best).

I love running. Running is one thing I definitely cannot get rid of from my daily routine. A clear path through a woods during dawn or dusk is ideal for me. Tennis and badminton are my goto outdoor sports.

`#draft`
